you know sometimes I become so much
money i began paper cuts and shit now my
name is black I need to get a new hustle
I need to get that kind of paper that
way you know Bobby getting that's a fuck
you niggas haha oh stretch on gas money
go Yeah right Lucas buzzer be on my back
miss died I go to the fight the fight
came to me we're going money falls it's
cash over everything i'm a block
structure money down right Lucas buzzer
me on my back miss died I go to the
fight the fight came to me we're running
money boss it's gosh over everything in
my black flag in my bag I'll pull off
niggas on the bloody black box link on
the phone 10 bricks ain't an issue to my
RPG special deliver you I mr. real
estate a crystal I myself made thousand
time losing my linens nigga sweater I'm
a millionaire powers like Austin hold on
me often modern-day Moses different day
a different sticky turn your cell oh
shit my whole plate is the shit look at
your online Kelly why I got them life
jerseys cuz i got that side by paper
turn a grown woman silly checkers on my
luggage British frame shave the head
sexy like I lover and ignore ruler cool
yeah rules of engagement I never been a
fool Oh shutting in the ring losing
dancer just cool white old the home
sitting by the pool
stretch on gas money Yeah Yeah right
Lucas buzzer be on my back miss died I
go to the fight the fight came to me
we're growing money for its gosh over
everything i'm a broke stretch on yeah
money girl right Lucas buzzer me on my
back missed I go to the fight the fight
came to me we're growing money for its
cos I step fucker scuffle with them I
shoot his knuckle to some rats and the
duck song splashing and Brussels on vine
Dinah kicks fuck these bitches on my
helmet on my dime lag shit nice with the
boss fights touch apart see the checks
on the new one I'm dying in and bra
right with the Stars I get brain and jet
straight and if life is a chess game to
check I make a change you know the way
so when I'm in the raid the haters hope
the rain go away so is funny when you do
is go see all these little niggas out
like money is a new truck hey I'm paid
bitch the funds are horrendous trying to
cover spaceship my youngins got Ben Z's
so try here when I say that it's just a
fly Jillian way I get it
money yeah yeah right Lucas pursue me on
my back miss died I don't to the fight
the flag came to me we're growing money
for its gosh over everything I'm a box
cutter yeah that's money go yeah
to me on my back miss died I don't do
the fight the fight came to me we're
growing money for its cash over every
fit man last fine catch me chillin on
the bed hi no industry nigga I'm a
fishing on the strip you ain't built to
ride you were only dying in the end
talking to the side paper open suicide
doors straitjacket flow I think I'm
crazy that's for sure reading up on big
meech guys worid daughter screaming on
me i said that young boys that diner I
got big dreams you niggas got full
bottle word to the wise serve the shrimp
back away up your mom deserves a Porsche
I show from the heat thinking back cuz
I'm a bus for my nigga my nigga to the
future too advanced for you niggas your
ebay trying to get more fly on you
niggas yeah shopping in harris rubbing
shoulders with Arabs yeah I'm a dboy
pumpable equal to lose in my post
clothes real man with them white Oh
money Yeah Yeah right Lucas pursue me on
my back miss died I don't you to fight
the fight came to me we're growing money
for its gosh over everything i'm a block
structure gas money yeah
uh sir me of my back miss die I go to
the fight the fight came to me we're
growing money for its gosh over
everything